readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
 <img width="100px" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/anuraghazra/image/upload/v1594908242/logo_ccswme.svg" align="center" alt="Github Readme Stats" />
 <h2 align="center">GitHub Readme Stats</h2>
 <p align="center">Get dynamically generated GitHub stats on your readmes!</p>
</p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/actions">
      <img alt="Tests Passing" src="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/workflows/Test/badge.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
      <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="#demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="readme_cn.md">简体中文</a>
    ·
    <a href="readme_es.md">Español</a>
  </p>
</p>
<p align="center">Loved the project? Please consider <a href="https://www.paypal.me/anuraghazra">donating</a> to help it improve!

# Features

- [GitHub Stats Card](#github-stats-card)
- [GitHub Extra Pins](#github-extra-pins)
- [Top Languages Card](#top-languages-card)
- [Themes](#themes)
- [Customization](#customization)
- [Deploy Yourself](#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance)

# GitHub Stats Card

Copy paste this into your markdown content, and that's it. Simple!

Change the `?username=` value to your GitHub's username.

```md
[![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

_Note: Ranks are calculated based on user's stats, see [src/calculateRank.js](./src/calculateRank.js)_

### Hiding individual stats

To hide any specific stats, you can pass a query parameter `?hide=` with comma seperated values.

> Options: `&hide=stars,commits,prs,issues,contribs`

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=contribs,prs)
```

### Adding private contributions count to total commits count

You can add the count of all your private contributions to the total commits count by using the query parameter `?count_private=true`.

_Note: If you are deploying this project yourself, the private contributions will be counted by default otherwise you need to chose to share your private contribution counts._

> Options: `&count_private=true`

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&count_private=true)
```

### Showing icons

To enable icons, you can pass `show_icons=true` in the query param, like so:

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true)
```

### Themes

With inbuilt themes you can customize the look of the card without doing any [manual customization](#customization).

Use `?theme=THEME_NAME` parameter like so :-

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
```

#### All inbuilt themes :-

dark, radical, merko, gruvbox, tokyonight, onedark, cobalt, synthwave, highcontrast, dracula

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/anuraghazra/image/upload/v1595174536/grs-themes_l4ynja.png" alt="Github Readme Stat Themes" width="600px"/>

You can look at a preview for [all available themes](./themes/README.md) or checkout the [theme config file](./themes/index.js) & **you can also contribute new themes** if you like :D

### Customization

You can customize the appearance of your `Stats Card` or `Repo Card` however you want with URL params.

Customization Options:

| Option        | type      | description                                 | Stats Card (default) | Repo Card (default) | Top Lang Card (default) |
| ------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------- |
| title_color   | hex color | title color                                 | 2f80ed               | 2f80ed              | 2f80ed                  |
| text_color    | hex color | body color                                  | 333                  | 333                 | 333                     |
| icon_color    | hex color | icon color                                  | 4c71f2               | 586069              | 586069                  |
| bg_color      | hex color | card bg color                               | FFFEFE               | FFFEFE              | FFFEFE                  |
| line_height   | number    | control the line-height between text        | 30                   | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| hide          | CSV       | hides the items specified                   | undefined            | N/A                 | undefined               |
| hide_rank     | boolean   | hides the ranking                           | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| hide_title    | boolean   | hides the stats title                       | false                | N/A                 | false                   |
| hide_border   | boolean   | hides the stats card border                 | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| show_owner    | boolean   | shows owner name in repo card               | N/A                  | false               | N/A                     |
| show_icons    | boolean   | shows icons                                 | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| theme         | string    | sets inbuilt theme                          | 'default'            | 'default_repocard'  | 'default                |
| cache_seconds | number    | manually set custom cache control           | 1800                 | 1800                | '1800'                  |
| count_private | boolean   | counts private contributions too if enabled | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |

> Note on cache: Repo cards have default cache of 30mins (1800 seconds) if the fork count & star count is less than 1k otherwise it's 2hours (7200). Also note that cache is clamped to minimum of 30min and maximum of 24hours

# GitHub Extra Pins

GitHub extra pins allow you to pin more than 6 repositories in your profile using a GitHub readme profile.

Yey! You are no longer limited to 6 pinned repositories.

### Usage

Copy-paste this code into your readme and change the links.

Endpoint: `api/pin?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats`

```md
[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Demo

[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Use [show_owner](#customization) variable to include the repo's owner username

[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&show_owner=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# Top Languages Card

Top languages card shows github user's top langauges which has been mostly used.

_NOTE: Top languages does not indicate my skill level or something like that, it's a github metric of which languages i have the most code on github, it's a new feature of github-readme-stats_

### Usage

Copy-paste this code into your readme and change the links.

Endpoint: `api/top-langs?username=anuraghazra`

```md
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Hide individual languages

You can use `?hide=language1,language2` parameter to hide individual languages.

```md
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&hide=javascript,html)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Demo

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### All Demos

- Default

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra)

- Hiding specific stats

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=contribs,issues)

- Showing icons

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=issues&show_icons=true)

- Themes

Choose from any of the [default themes](#themes)

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

- Customizing stats card

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&title_color=fff&icon_color=79ff97&text_color=9f9f9f&bg_color=151515)

- Customizing repo card

![Customized Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&title_color=fff&icon_color=f9f9f9&text_color=9f9f9f&bg_color=151515)

- Top languages

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### Quick Tip (Align The Repo Cards)

You usually won't be able to layout the images side by side. To do that you can use this approach:

```md
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=convoychat" />
</a>
```

## Deploy on your own Vercel instance

Since the GitHub API only allows 5k requests per hour, it is possible that my `https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api` could hit the rate limiter. If you host it on your own Vercel server, then you don't have to worry about anything. Click on the deploy button to get started!

NOTE: Since [#58](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/pull/58) we should be able to handle more than 5k requests and have no issues with downtime :D

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<details>
 <summary>Guide on setting up Vercel</summary>

1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/)
1. Click on `Log in`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/tct1wg.png)
1. Sign in with GitHub by pressing `Continue with GitHub`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/btd78j.jpeg)
1. Sign into GitHub and allow access to all repositories, if prompted
1. Fork this repo
1. Go back to your [Vercel dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard)
1. Select `Import Project`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/qckos0.png)
1. Select `Import Git Repository`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/pqub9q.png)
1. Select root and keep everything as is, just add your environment variable named PAT_1 (as shown), which will contain a personal access token (PAT), which you can easily create [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) (leave everything as is, just name it something, it can be anything you want)
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/0ez4g7.png)
1. Click deploy, and you're good to go. See your domains to use the API!

</details>

## :sparkling_heart: Support the project

I open-source almost everything I can, and I try to reply to everyone needing help using these projects. Obviously,
this takes time. You can use this service for free.

However, if you are using this project and happy with it or just want to encourage me to continue creating stuff, there are few ways you can do it :-

- Giving proper credit when you use github-readme-stats on your readme, linking back to it :D
- Starring and sharing the project :rocket:
- [![paypal.me/anuraghazra](https://ionicabizau.github.io/badges/paypal.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/anuraghazra) - You can make one-time donations via PayPal. I'll probably buy a ~~coffee~~ tea. :tea:

Thanks! :heart:

---

Contributions are welcomed! <3

Made with :heart: and JavaScript.

Commit message:

feat: Added compact layout for top languages card (#179)
* compact layout for top langs card

* 🐞 FIX: most used lang should be first, apply correct colors, removed nested svgs and height set

* 🐞 FIX: conditionally rendering layout compact

* 🐞 FIX: border radius on lang progressbar

* refactor: refactored code & fixed bugs

* fix: toFixed

* chore: change string interpolation

* docs: updated readme

Co-authored-by: anuraghazra <hazru.anurag@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
 <img width="100px" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/anuraghazra/image/upload/v1594908242/logo_ccswme.svg" align="center" alt="Github Readme Stats" />
 <h2 align="center">GitHub Readme Stats</h2>
 <p align="center">Get dynamically generated GitHub stats on your readmes!</p>
</p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/actions">
      <img alt="Tests Passing" src="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/workflows/Test/badge.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
      <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues">
      <img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/pulls">
      <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats?color=0088ff" />
    </a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="#demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="readme_cn.md">简体中文</a>
    ·
    <a href="readme_es.md">Español</a>
  </p>
</p>
<p align="center">Loved the project? Please consider <a href="https://www.paypal.me/anuraghazra">donating</a> to help it improve!

# Features

- [GitHub Stats Card](#github-stats-card)
- [GitHub Extra Pins](#github-extra-pins)
- [Top Languages Card](#top-languages-card)
- [Themes](#themes)
- [Customization](#customization)
- [Deploy Yourself](#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance)

# GitHub Stats Card

Copy paste this into your markdown content, and that's it. Simple!

Change the `?username=` value to your GitHub's username.

```md
[![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

_Note: Ranks are calculated based on user's stats, see [src/calculateRank.js](./src/calculateRank.js)_

### Hiding individual stats

To hide any specific stats, you can pass a query parameter `?hide=` with comma seperated values.

> Options: `&hide=stars,commits,prs,issues,contribs`

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=contribs,prs)
```

### Adding private contributions count to total commits count

You can add the count of all your private contributions to the total commits count by using the query parameter `?count_private=true`.

_Note: If you are deploying this project yourself, the private contributions will be counted by default otherwise you need to chose to share your private contribution counts._

> Options: `&count_private=true`

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&count_private=true)
```

### Showing icons

To enable icons, you can pass `show_icons=true` in the query param, like so:

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true)
```

### Themes

With inbuilt themes you can customize the look of the card without doing any [manual customization](#customization).

Use `?theme=THEME_NAME` parameter like so :-

```md
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
```

#### All inbuilt themes :-

dark, radical, merko, gruvbox, tokyonight, onedark, cobalt, synthwave, highcontrast, dracula

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/anuraghazra/image/upload/v1595174536/grs-themes_l4ynja.png" alt="Github Readme Stat Themes" width="600px"/>

You can look at a preview for [all available themes](./themes/README.md) or checkout the [theme config file](./themes/index.js) & **you can also contribute new themes** if you like :D

### Customization

You can customize the appearance of your `Stats Card` or `Repo Card` however you want with URL params.

Customization Options:

| Option        | type      | description                                 | Stats Card (default) | Repo Card (default) | Top Lang Card (default) |
| ------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------- |
| title_color   | hex color | title color                                 | 2f80ed               | 2f80ed              | 2f80ed                  |
| text_color    | hex color | body color                                  | 333                  | 333                 | 333                     |
| icon_color    | hex color | icon color                                  | 4c71f2               | 586069              | 586069                  |
| bg_color      | hex color | card bg color                               | FFFEFE               | FFFEFE              | FFFEFE                  |
| line_height   | number    | control the line-height between text        | 30                   | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| hide          | CSV       | hides the items specified                   | undefined            | N/A                 | undefined               |
| hide_rank     | boolean   | hides the ranking                           | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| hide_title    | boolean   | hides the stats title                       | false                | N/A                 | false                   |
| hide_border   | boolean   | hides the stats card border                 | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| show_owner    | boolean   | shows owner name in repo card               | N/A                  | false               | N/A                     |
| show_icons    | boolean   | shows icons                                 | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| theme         | string    | sets inbuilt theme                          | 'default'            | 'default_repocard'  | 'default                |
| cache_seconds | number    | manually set custom cache control           | 1800                 | 1800                | '1800'                  |
| count_private | boolean   | counts private contributions too if enabled | false                | N/A                 | N/A                     |
| layout        | string    | choose a layout option                      | N/A                  | N/A                 | "default"               |

> Note on cache: Repo cards have default cache of 30mins (1800 seconds) if the fork count & star count is less than 1k otherwise it's 2hours (7200). Also note that cache is clamped to minimum of 30min and maximum of 24hours

# GitHub Extra Pins

GitHub extra pins allow you to pin more than 6 repositories in your profile using a GitHub readme profile.

Yey! You are no longer limited to 6 pinned repositories.

### Usage

Copy-paste this code into your readme and change the links.

Endpoint: `api/pin?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats`

```md
[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Demo

[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Use [show_owner](#customization) variable to include the repo's owner username

[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&show_owner=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# Top Languages Card

Top languages card shows github user's top langauges which has been mostly used.

_NOTE: Top languages does not indicate my skill level or something like that, it's a github metric of which languages i have the most code on github, it's a new feature of github-readme-stats_

### Usage

Copy-paste this code into your readme and change the links.

Endpoint: `api/top-langs?username=anuraghazra`

```md
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Hide individual languages

You can use `?hide=language1,language2` parameter to hide individual languages.

```md
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&hide=javascript,html)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Compact Language Card Layout

You can use the `&layout=compact` option to change the card design.

```md
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
```

### Demo

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

- Compact layout

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### All Demos

- Default

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra)

- Hiding specific stats

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=contribs,issues)

- Showing icons

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&hide=issues&show_icons=true)

- Themes

Choose from any of the [default themes](#themes)

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

- Customizing stats card

![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=anuraghazra&show_icons=true&title_color=fff&icon_color=79ff97&text_color=9f9f9f&bg_color=151515)

- Customizing repo card

![Customized Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&title_color=fff&icon_color=f9f9f9&text_color=9f9f9f&bg_color=151515)

- Top languages

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---

### Quick Tip (Align The Repo Cards)

You usually won't be able to layout the images side by side. To do that you can use this approach:

```md
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=convoychat" />
</a>
```

## Deploy on your own Vercel instance

Since the GitHub API only allows 5k requests per hour, it is possible that my `https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api` could hit the rate limiter. If you host it on your own Vercel server, then you don't have to worry about anything. Click on the deploy button to get started!

NOTE: Since [#58](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/pull/58) we should be able to handle more than 5k requests and have no issues with downtime :D

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<details>
 <summary>Guide on setting up Vercel</summary>

1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/)
1. Click on `Log in`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/tct1wg.png)
1. Sign in with GitHub by pressing `Continue with GitHub`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/btd78j.jpeg)
1. Sign into GitHub and allow access to all repositories, if prompted
1. Fork this repo
1. Go back to your [Vercel dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard)
1. Select `Import Project`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/qckos0.png)
1. Select `Import Git Repository`  
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/pqub9q.png)
1. Select root and keep everything as is, just add your environment variable named PAT_1 (as shown), which will contain a personal access token (PAT), which you can easily create [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) (leave everything as is, just name it something, it can be anything you want)
   ![](https://files.catbox.moe/0ez4g7.png)
1. Click deploy, and you're good to go. See your domains to use the API!

</details>

## :sparkling_heart: Support the project

I open-source almost everything I can, and I try to reply to everyone needing help using these projects. Obviously,
this takes time. You can use this service for free.

However, if you are using this project and happy with it or just want to encourage me to continue creating stuff, there are few ways you can do it :-

- Giving proper credit when you use github-readme-stats on your readme, linking back to it :D
- Starring and sharing the project :rocket:
- [![paypal.me/anuraghazra](https://ionicabizau.github.io/badges/paypal.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/anuraghazra) - You can make one-time donations via PayPal. I'll probably buy a ~~coffee~~ tea. :tea:

Thanks! :heart:

---

Contributions are welcomed! <3

Made with :heart: and JavaScript.
